Remove pacakged db write attempt (#5299)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :bug:`-` Users will be able to finish balance queries if they have assets with missing information.
* :bug:`5038` Premium users with big databases should no longer see the error: "Upload data to server died with exception: database plaintext is locked"
* :bug:`-` If a user removes the API keys for an exchange, actions on that exchange will no longer be excluded from PnL reports.

> * :bug:`-` Rotki will not attempt to write to packaged files anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`-` Rotki will not attempt to write to the packaged DB anymore.
```
